Terms of use
1.Terms

By accessing the website at https://writergenie.io (addressed as Company, WriterGenie), you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
2. Use License

Permission is granted to download one copy of the materials (information) on the Writergenie.io website for personal, commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license, you may not:
1. Automate the content generated for public display.
2. attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on writergenie.io website;
3. remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
4. transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by writergenie.io at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license.
3. Disclaimer

The materials on writergenie.io website are provided on an ‘as is’ basis. writergenie.io makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.
4. Limitations

In no event shall writergenie.io or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on the writergenie.io website, even if writergenie.io. or a writergenie.io authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Accuracy of materials

The materials appearing on the writegenie.io website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Writegenie.io does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete or current. writegenie.io may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice. However, writegenie.io does not make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Modifications

Writergenie.io may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.
7. Governing Law

These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of West Bengal, India and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that State or location.
8. Email terms of use

By signing up on https://writergenie.io, you give permission to https://writergenie.io to send marketing emails to you. You can unsubscribe from it using the 'Unsubscribe' button in the emails or you can contact support for the same
9. Indemnity by You

You agree to indemnify and hold the Company, its subsidiaries, and affiliates, and its and their officers, agents, partners and employees, harmless from any loss, liability, personal injury, death, claim, or demand, including reasonable attorney’s fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your breach of or failure to comply with this Agreement (including any breach of your representations and warranties contained herein), any postings or Content you post in the Service, and the violation of any law or regulation by you or another user. The Company reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will fully cooperate with the Company in connection therewith.
10. Modification to Service

The Company reserves the right at any time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that the Company shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Service. To protect the integrity of the Service, the Company reserves the right at any time in its sole discretion to block users from certain IP addresses from accessing the Service.

NO REFUNDS WILL BE ISSUED.
11. Fair Usage Policy

Although you can generate unlimited words per month on the unlimited plan, there are generation limits(per min & hour) to deter automated/robotic behavior and keep our and our partners' service safe from potential misuse & abuse. 

There's no consistent fixed limit, so it's hard to share a precise number and it is also dependent on the use cases.

Our AI engine also restricts certain kinds of use cases/usage behavior and automatically adjusts some parameters temporarily depending on the abnormal, heavy usage pattern in a short time span. You might notice a deterioration in the quality of the output when such activity is detected by the system. Typically this gets resolved at the renewal of your monthly cycle.
